# Responsible Use of AI

My work gives me broad access to AI tools so that I can learn how they work and research their impact on the software development process. I sometimes use these tools in my hobby projects to asses them with larger code bases. You will see commits made by various tools and agents. I also have a personal Claude Code license that I use on a more regular basis to aid me with this project.

This is a hobby project where I want to have fun and learn new things. There are no deadlines, so I don't feel the urge to optimize my time. Instead I want to experiment, learn new things, understand everything, and curate this code base as if it is a beautiful 'bonsai-tree'. I love the zen-like feeling I get from writing code myself and I often find myself coming up with simpler and more elegant solutions than those generated by AI tools. 

Most of the time I use AI to help me with research, chores and writing tests. Sometimes I generate larger pieces of code such as the interop layer for the `basis_universal` C++ library (writing that by hand is such a chore). If a conversation with an AI agent leads to an interesting idea that I want to follow up later I let it dump a summary in the `research` folder. Hence why everything in that folder is littered with emojis and emdashes.

Merge requests created using AI tools on this repository are allowed, if the creator can articulate their understanding of the problem they are trying to solve. There's no need to accompany a merge request with a 5 page description with bullet points and emojis.
